a web exclusive my name is Lulu and I
think if oh you might know me because I
sang a sample chat once and I sang a
song called relight my fire so that's
how you probably know me to make a film
of my life and she can dance so if I was
to be stuck in the lift with someone
from strictly past present
I think off the top of my head maybe
Anton because if we develop the last
album I download the Waze Lady Gaga
Bruno Mars Cee Lo Green oh yeah I do
absolutely have a secret Talent
I'm brilliant at the first party so if
this all goes down the plughole I could
get a job as you know parking cars I am
really good and I always say every time
I do I see you're really good at that